
Error Based Matching:

This program works similarly to Tinder except with food profiles rather than people. The match system is different in that there is not only
matches and non-matches, but there is a rank that evaluates user's attractiveness to a food item. The attractiveness is dependent on how
much the user over-valued the food item. If the user believed the item was at a higher price than its actual price, the user is determined
to be attracted to the food item. The rank of the item is dependent on the magnitude of over-estimation by the user on the item. If the user
under-estimated the price of the food item, the food item is to have negative attractiveness. The magnitude of overestimation or
underestimation could be measured by difference between the estimated price and the exact price but the ranking system would be inaccurate
in distinguishing a greater magnitude of over-estimation between cheap foods and expensive foods. The formula for percent error is used to 
measure the value of overestimation while taking into consideration the price ranges of food.


Filtering the Library:

Ranking based on error is the elementary method for which the "match board" will be structured. The datasets that are used in the matching
process can be further filtered based on additional variables such as "Mealtime Type" in which the types are Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner, 
Dessert, and Beverage, etc.. This form of filtering narrows the preference of the user so that the user does not have to estimate meals
that do not suit their appetite at the current moment. Filtering is a large scale function.


Optional Preference Capture:

Machine Learning can be used within each filtered dataset so that the preference of the user is more accurately captured. However, the
downside to capturing a single preference of the user is that diversity is often desired by the user. The system may conclude that the user
prefers a single style of dinner-time food. However, the user may feel like eating something new that day. 